fix: logging video does not respect fps argument. (#8545)
wandb/wandb: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed

> - Fixed `wandb.Video` fps argument not correctly uploading video with the provided framerate. (@jacobromero in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/WB-18149)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `wandb.Video` fps argument not correctly uploading video with the provided frame rate. (@jacobromero in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/8545)
```
